what is this music that we hear
gently climb the moneda bad
presentiment no it must be a neighbor
who forced on the sono the boys 1st
communion missed the cube store the
meeting is a very believing island the
communions baptisms the confirmations do not
are not just excuses for
reunion to party to whoever
would like to believe that yes good a little
little ok it's an excuse to do the
celebrates an excuse to put the music to
bottom and drink and eat in quantity
yet outside this phase
festive there is good religious side that
whether for confirmation or
First Communion
the kids who went all the way
of the year at the catechism is preparing
seriously to their sacrament and the
parents also
the good my daughter is booked here with
beer is when the very first
communion these radios one of the steps the
more important during this
preparation is the purchase of
new clothes children
wish all to be the most beautiful for
the day of the web sacrament and lies to
the area throughout the hand that me
knows the benthiff imad beautiful dress
princess but spring that man
michelin is 21 cm first chemist
times other lives they do not stop
arm not hot it's up to joe papp idiot on
will stop sustained butterfly it's not the
play when we know that the bundle
will anyway crust and because
that after the normal ceremony is
the crown do not understand me the utility
on everything that puts the banner with a
Once the tiger speaks too fast is
really a waste of money
how is it a waste of money
thanks to the little french people use it
game fitting his question first
communion it's the orange assistant the
t128 the work off children and
parents and also the godfathers and
godmothers who have a very important role
whether for baptism first
communion or confirmation and how
it's done it's me the mason father
sleeping or do not know the technique of
work they give by amar adam
rich enough as his resignation
mikado the role of the godparent's trimming
is not just about gifts
they are especially there to help the child
in his spiritual quest and are at his
sides throughout the ceremony
good my explanations as a parent
needs to know two things to
what time in the morning and in what
church you have to point me to me if
you can specify mentioned by
watershed a life also the mass
can be a joyous rediscovery
for the godfather or godmother who did
not used to go to church with
his rituals and grabbed mud that has
seized two drops the fatigue engendered
fernand ma pays a mobile subscription -
his songs and his brains in our
society where children lack
landmarks and are always the nose riveted
to the screens
it's important to help them find
spirituality and this is part of
your role as a sponsor and
godmother is this my painting corp news
angry Birds
once the ceremony is over go
guys maybe I can champagne no
not immediately there are first the
Photos par with obama is the godmother
with mahb
lyrics do not lend with the mar by the
marble in front of mama's altar and in front of
the church marries at the church
shifted to the right sergio su my right
it's a genius like that sir
moving ja do not see my godson
here are my desires more serious I do not
move more win affine does not do everything
saw how does this party
yes if you want to go there
so at the party level
there are two solutions either one uses
to a caterer his experience his family
now to finish with shopping
fishermen - because my flight ended
with 125 granny his wealth cake
all the hen pigs
rabbits and it's the same for the
decoration wait a two three
common places would be confirmed
outright at Athens these radios find
as of akbou of spiderman communion this
who can make very weird mixtures
here is sir as we said
it goes up red with late roofs
and ten local elected spider man is a
gem only comes from millions written on
the top of course I have little child that
with a candle
it'll just thank you madam good
then a highly anticipated moment by a
child unpacking channels not
need the reserves that it was the only
evil motivation to does his first
communion and there it is to pose a great
question what to offer to
a child who made his first
communion in his confirmation
think me in all right as
gift to the useless little religious object
or even downright lousy that you see
what he is talking about
no see me no groupama winner
playstation 2 now communion for
paca under thelle of gift the most
easy it's still an envelope
thank you thank you like that before going to l
envelope the nice ones but m
yes yes but type dollars yes yes
another table where he carried four
bulls and give good weather
do not worry but someone because yes
hello yes but well light an angle
impossible or thank you thank you yes standards and
to the ja yes to where the toilet
there way we automobile derribo to
the internate swing at equal strengths of between
you do not think that massa takes taste and
it ends up working the bump the
parents know m the party continues
with his in his music it's not
these discussions and it can last very
a very long time
which can surprise the zoreil
freshly landed at the meeting
last night I was amazed so your
neighbors and a music festival
they set up up to seven years the
next morning that's what you
call the hut meeting no
especially since it was a first
tac communion at 15 ha no it
could not be healthy because a priori girl
who came to calm two men
who were drunk and who were fighting at
machete shots
yes that was it was the first
communion the next day the guests in
no longer having a hangover does not want to
to throw up the fresh remy chipa case and two
three scars on the face will keep
a memorable memory of this event
thanks to the little boxes of sugared almonds
boxes that the barca also donated to the 20
August that I did not want to involve
for communion hold a balta guy
community add your way the past room
where she was all the time did not
hesitated to name this basket not to guys
tiles known that it's not bad
killed the young
in short, communion remains an event
very important at the meeting whether it's
Children us farewell and
hate or life it's up to djoko or for
the parents that the bank is still losing in
Estonian language love or
footprints that are first communion
do not think a credit to the sorègies
end of this video on the first
communion the confirmation and this morning
I tried to stay fairly general
you can click on I like to leave
a comment to maybe share
your best memory of first
confirmation communion you can
watch other videos but also
share this video it would help me
a lot
you are also more and more numerous
to subscribe to the chain I wanted to
thank you
you can now also
follow on twitter
@ the letchi on this I leave you I
close my bucket of the little sect
lily of love hi